this is the common house at manzanita
village cohousing the upper level patio
from the parking area briskets landmark
thumb butte as seen from the common
house patio we're in the entrance to the
common house the off is on the left and
guest suite is on the right this is the
manzanilla village common house office
where we have a computer for villagers
use and mailboxes where people can pick
up notices the guest suite in the common
house has accommodations for two and a
full bath from the upper level of a
common house near the entrance we have
an elevator that goes down all the way
down to the first floor and the stairway
on the second level of the common house
we have our community dining room and
meeting space right off of the dining
room is a children's play space and
laundry facility we have a large kitchen
right outside the kitchen on the second
level we have a patio for parties
barbecues on the other side of the
dining room on the second level of our
hot tub and another patio
on the lower level of the common house
we have a library craft and meeting
space the same area we also have little
entertainment space with large screen TV
and fireplace the next space over is a
week facility exercise room with a full
bath the final space downstairs is a
room for our kids and unsparing it's
outside of the lower level we have yet
another large covered patio underneath
the common house for larger parties
we hope you have enjoyed this tour of
the man's new village common house